18 Secrets That Casinos Don’t Want You To
Know
When used recreationally, casinos can be a
lot of fun for adults everywhere.
Many people who choose to gamble, often wonder
what kind of casino secrets the owners might
be keeping from their patrons.
So, what kind of secrets are casinos hiding
and more importantly, which ones can you learn
in order to stop losing so much money?
Before we begin this video, don’t forget
to subscribe to our channel for more daily
tips like this and turn on notifications so
you never miss our new videos!
Alright so, what about casinos is so secretive
and sinister?
Well, when you stop and think about it, what
actually makes going to the casino so exciting?
It isn’t just the allure of a potential
big win that brings us inside, there are a
few different factors that casino owners don’t
necessarily want to advertise to you.
The following 18 casino secrets will help
you understand a little more about our favorite
places to gamble, and hopefully give us a
different perspective on the high roller life.
1) Ambiance Is Down To A Science.
Blinking lights, fast music, flashy interiors,
these are all factors that influence the speed
in which you gamble.
Faster gambling will usually mean that you
spend more money.
The music of every slot machine is also tuned
to the exact same key, to avoid obnoxious
noise and create a more harmonious experience.
And who wouldn't want to stay in a harmonious
casino in order to win that big jackpot?
2) No Clocks.
Most casinos in the world do not contain clocks.
They want you to quickly lose track of time
while entering their building so that you
can enjoy the atmosphere without worrying
about time, therefore you spend more money.
The only thing casinos want you to think about
is that huge win.
3) Busier Poker Tables = Slower Game.
The more people who are seated at a poker
table, the slower a game goes, and more thinking
goes into each decision.
You might see some casinos with tables aplenty
to speed up the games, hoping that you might
spend more money.
Try to find tables that are busier.
4) No windows.
Very similar to not having any clocks located
in your casino, many casinos also do not contain
any windows.
This is to help you not remember what time
of day it is, hoping that you stay at the
casino for longer.
It may also be a safety measure in terms of
break-ins, but for the most part, it’s to
make the casino a self-contained experience.
Again, they just want you to look for that
big casino jackpot.
5) Interiors Designed To Make You Lose Money.
Have you ever noticed that it’s difficult
to locate the cashiers, bathrooms, or exits
at Casinos, but never the bar or slot machines?
That’s because many casinos are designed
to make you walk through seas of slot machines
in order to get to your destination.
They don't want you to cash out, they just
want you to look for that next casino jackpot.
Or rather, for you to lose trying to get to
that next casino jackpot.
6) Don’t Play Keno.
The odds of not winning at Keno are so ridiculously
large, you’re better off donating or burning
your money than you are spending at this game.
Similar to Roulette, the odds are stacked
against you with these kinds of games.
You’re better off trying to place a large
bet at a slot machine.
There isn't really a gambling game where you're
guaranteed to win at a casino, but there are
a lot of gambling games you're more than likely
to lose.
7) There’s Security Everywhere.
Think you can get away with counting cards
or hacking a slot machine like you see in
heist movies?
Think again.
There are security cameras and guards placed
everywhere.
There are even secret and covert security
guards hiding on in the casino while you’re
gambling.
These are the facts: the people who run these
gambling sites take their money very seriously.
If you want to get a huge win, then you better
do it with luck.
8) The Occasional Win.
The promise of an occasional huge win or casino
jackpot will really keep you coming back again
and again.
The key, however, is machines that let you
“win” without really winning much money
at all.
Very rarely, you can make a huge win at one
of these places, and if this happens to you,
bravo!
However, take this as a reminder to please
gamble responsibly, and if you have an addiction
to it seek help immediately.
9) More Games You Shouldn't Play.
Turns out, keno isn't the only game you should
avoid if you're looking to win.
The gambling experts at LIST25 tell us that
Three-Card Poker, Caribbean Stud, and Double
Exposure Blackjack all have big payouts, but
the people who are gambling have much less
of a chance at winning.
Our advice– stick to the games you know
really well and that are mostly up to chance.
10) They're Watching You.
Similar to our point about the immense amounts
of security, it's helpful to know that when
you're in a casino it isn't just live people
with their eyes on you.
Cameras are also tracking your every move
and are so advanced they can see the hand
that you're holding.
LIST25 reports that "it's for your safety"
but we're betting it's more for the safety
of the casino's money.
11) Casinos Will Recognize Tells.
If you think you can get past human security
or the cameras with your cheating ways, think
again.
There is an ungodly amount of anti-cheating
training for all casino staff, especially
security and the people manning the cameras.
Apparently, just like regular gambling enthusiasts,
cheaters have tells.
And .
12) The Process.
What is done with cheaters, we hear you ask?
Are you taken to a back room where you're
beaten up?
Well, it's not as brutal as the movies might
have you think– one QUORA user tells us
that they pretty much just kick you from the
premises.
If you return you'll be charged with trespassing,
then the security has to do a lot of paperwork.
You'll even get to keep all your winnings.
Much less cinematic, but a lot less scary
too.
13) The Chips Are Disgusting.
This one may seem obvious, but if you were
a betting person you would win if you bet
that the chips at casinos are covered in germs.
This is most likely because they're constantly
handled by all sorts of different people.
Different people, different germs, that's
the way it works.
Our advice– wash your hands after the casino
and don't eat any finger foods while you're
there.
14) Baccarat.
We've talked a lot about games you're probably
going to lose, but what about games that you
might actually win?
One of the best kept casino secrets is that
Baccarat is one of the easiest games to play.
LIST25 tells us that this is because the game
requires zero skill, often has a low buy in
and for once, the odds are stacked AGAINST
the house!
Apparently, you just place a bet on either
the player or the banker, then the dealer
deals.
The hand with the closest total to 9 wins.
There are obviously a couple more rules, but
it really doesn't get much more complicated.
15) Suicide.
A tragic tale of what happens when betting
and gambling go wrong, but it's a fact that
some people commit suicide at casinos.
We're not sure about numbers because owners
tend to keep suicide on the hush hush, but
we can share with you the harrowing tale of
a man who jumped off a casino parking garage.
Apparently, THEDAY reports that at the moment
of his death he had a credit balance of $47,000
and had already spent $200,000 of his retirement
money.
His final words are all we have left to say
on this horrible incident: "Sorry.
"I couldn't handle everyone seeming to be
unhappy.
I'll let you know if there's anything on the
other side.
Love you all, Pop."
16) Dealers.
Let's talk about the dealers at gambling establishments.
They have to wear uniforms, but do you know
why?
Not because everyone has to wear a uniform
at their job smarty pants, but because casino
uniforms are specifically designed not to
have pockets.
LIST25 shares the fact that the uniforms dealers
are ordered to wear have no places to put
stolen goods, including an apron worn above
the waist so nothing can be tucked into the
waistband.
Well, there goes Danny Ocean's next plan.
17) Distractions.
What's a better way to make money as a casino
owner than by distracting your patrons?
In Vegas especially, you'll find what some
call "Party Pits", places full of strippers
and booze that attempt to distract you from
all the money you're spending.
Remember dear viewers– when spending money
at LEAST pay attention!
18) Addicts.
This is probably the most important point
on the list, especially if you find yourself
gambling a lot.
The average gambling addict won't look for
help until they are about $40,000 in debt.
Remember everyone listening– gambling is
supposed to be for fun, not as a way to make
a living or to solve your money problems.
If you think you're slipping into gambling
addiction, you can call the National Problem
Gambling Helpline Network or look online for
some free gambling addiction help.
And that's it!
Did you enjoy our list of casino secrets?
Did we miss any?
Why don't you card sharks let us know in the
comment section below which casino tricks
and tips we may have forgotten?